[door bell ringing]
Welcome back! It's me, Ai.
Tonight, I will listen to all your worries, complaints, grudges...
I'll contain all of those for you gently.
How are you doing these last few days?
There's quite a drastic change in the weather.
Does that made you feel unwell?
Are you fine?
If you catch a cold, please take a break and rest.
You can have your champagne later.
- Oh, welcome!
- [door bell ringing]
Is it your first time here?
The counter's open, so if you wish...
Can you tell me your name?
I'm the mama here, Ai.
Chiriin-san?
Chiriin-san's so cute!
Nice to meet you!
Why are you here today?
Oh, what do you want for drink?
For today, I recommend things like wine...
You don't really like those?
Then how about...
Kahlua Milk?
You want some?
Okay, okay.
One Kahlua Milk, please!
Let's talk for a moment.
How old are you?
22 years old?
You're so young!
So you just got employed... Ah!
You're on internship?
Like you're waiting for graduation?
I see, you're working hard.
You got accepted for a job? Awesome!
Hmm, hmm!
So you're glad about it, hmm.
So you're nervous?
I understand, it's getting into you.
You're even more nervous because you don't have any experience.
So you don't have any friends there.
So you want me to cheer you up.
I see. Thank you.
You knew this place from word of mouth?
I'm quite famous around the internet?
Wow, I'm so glad!
When you get home, please help spread the word.
On your pub travels, please.
So I'll wrap up this counsel's content.
Pen name Chiriin-san.
Hello, nice to meet you.
I'm a newly employed 22 years old Pokemon fan.
I'm still on internship, to be exact.
Last year, I got interviewed by a hotel company and passed.
I'm really happy about it,
but I'm also very nervous.
The work I've done so far was at my university's gym.
I have no experience in hotel work other than the one training I had.
And I have no acquaintances there,
so when I think that I'll be there all by myself, I get so nervous, I can't even sleep.
Please give my your words of support that will cheer me up.
Right? Of course you'll be nervous.
Because you have no friends there, that means it's your chance to create new connections.
Of course you'll still feel nervous about it,
but you shape your relationship with others from there.
Whether it's good or bad, it depends on you.
You're so nervous you can't sleep?
Ah, I see. I see.
It's alright! If you passed,
that means you are chosen because you are deemed necessary.
So I think it's fine to be confident about it.
I think it's not just Chiriin-san,
there must be others who are there without any friends.
So with that, you can get close with them.
Because you're in the same condition,
you can empathize on the same thing,
so you can have a long chat.
I think you're going to be alright.
It's the hospitality industry.
If you got interviewed and accepted, it must mean that you have some good charms.
Just be confident, it would be better if you can get rid of your anxiety...
But how about you take it as your excitement about finally having a job?
When you're stressed or need to take something off your mind,
you can come back here and drink a lot.
And I will also be here.
Bring along your friend, someone you're close with.
You make your new friends there and bring them here.
I will help make the conversation flow so that you can have a nice chat.
I'll be glad if you want to recommend this place too!
Like "Look! It's the Virtual YouTuber that's hot right now!"
That's annoying?
Yeah, I know that.
Well, there's that SNS service that's spreading right now.
It can show you people who work at your place, right?
How about you try to get friendly in advance?
Then you're not going to be as nervous as before.
Cheer up! You have to try as much things as you can!
Go for it with confidence!
I'll be cheering for you too! Good luck!
Did that cheer you up?
I'm so glad.
How was the Kahlua Milk? Was it good?
Right? It has milk in it, after all.
Like it pumps you with calcium and gets you all worked up!
Your body be like "boom!", overflowing with milk power.
I said that, so no mistaking it.
Well, it's a little early...
But I have to wake up early for tomorrow.
Yeah, yeah, I'm sorry you can't stay here for much longer.
Was I of any help to you?
Really? That's good.
Yuuki, the check!
Oh, right.
When you get the bill, there's this check thing, get it?
I'm trying to show off a little, so look.
Please visit again, I'll be waiting.
Bye bye, thanks!
Good luck! Guts, guts!
[door bell ringing]
When you enter the snack, any of your worries,
complaints,
and grudges,
I'll be waiting for you to share.
I'm virtual, so please tell me about it via email.
I'll always be waiting for your return.
See you later.
[door bell ringing]
♪ ♪ ♪